Tutorial updates with recent PRs + feedback from collaboration meeting (#406)
POSYDON-code/POSYDON: docs/_source/components-overview/pop_syn/single_star.rst

    - Hydrogen surface mass fraction abundance.
  * - ``surface_he4``
    - Helium surface mass fraction abundance.
  * - ``surface_c12``
    - Carbon surface mass fraction abundance.
  * - ``surface_n14``
    - Nitrogen surface mass fraction abundance.
  * - ``surface_o16``
    - Oxygen surface mass fraction abundance.
  * - ``log_LH``
    - log10 total thermal power from PP and CNO, excluding neutrinos devided by L_sun.
  * - ``log_LHe``
    - log10 total thermal power from triple-alpha, excluding neutrinos devided by L_sun.
  * - ``log_LZ``
    - log10 total burning power excluding LH and LHe and photodisintegrations devided by L_sun.
  * - ``log_Lnuc``
    - log10 total nuclear reaction luminosity (LH + LHe LZ) in L_sun.
  * - ``c12_c12``
    - log10 total luminosity for c12_c12 reaction in L_sun.
  * - ``surf_avg_omega_div_omega_crit``
    - Average surface omega divided by critical omega.
  * - ``total_moment_of_inertia``
    - Total moment of inertia in g*cm^2.
  * - ``log_total_angular_momentum``
    - log10 total angular momentum of the star g*cm^2*s^-1
  * - ``spin``
    - Angular momentum of the star in g*cm^2*s^-1 or dimensionless BH spin.
  * - ``profile``

>     - Stellar profile from MESA. [not current supported for the initial-final interpolator]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Stellar profile from MESA. [not currently supported for the initial-final interpolator]
```

Additional scalar properties are added during the evolution depending on which steps the star has undergone. These properties are not stored in the history.

.. list-table:: Additional output
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 50 150

  * - Properties
    - Descriptions
  * - ``natal_kick_array``
    - | The natal kick array for the star if it has undergone a SN. 
      | contains:
      
      * velocity
      * theta
      * phi

>       * ?

Reviewer 2: The fourth quantity should be the mean anomaly.

Author: Added :)

  * - ``SN_type``
    - The supernova type of the star.
  * - ``f_fb``
    - The fraction of fallback mass.
  * - ``spin_orbit_tilt_first_SN``
    - The spin-orbit tilt after the first SN, if the star has undergone a SN.
  * - ``spin_orbit_tilt_second_SN``
    - The spin-orbit tilt after the second SN, if a second SN has occurred.
  * - ``m_disk_radiated``
    - The mass of the disk radiated in the collapse of the star.
  * = ``m_disk_accreted``
    - The mass of the disk accreted in the collapse of the star.

State options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Star states are defined by their burning and surface properties.

> These states are combined to describe the stellar state.

Reviewer: What about citing Fragos et al. 2023, ApJS, 264, 46, Fig. 17 (and Table 3?) here to offer a schematic of how the states are constructed? If there's space, what about including that Fig. here as well?

Reviewer 2: The v1 version for the states is out of date with the v2 code.

> We also have additional extra states for object that are not stars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also have additional extra states for objects that are not stars.
```

.. list-table:: Surface state
  :header-rows: 1
  :widths: 10 30

  * - State
    - Description
  * - ``H-rich``
    - The star has a hydrogen-rich surface.
  * - ``stripped_He``
    - The star has a stripped helium surface.
  * - ``accreted_He``

>     - The star has an accreted helium rich material on its surface.

Author: done

>     - The star has an accreted helium rich material on its surface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The star has accreted a helium rich layer on its surface.
```

  
.. list-table:: Burning state
  :header-rows: 1
  :widths: 10 30

  * - State
    - Description
  * - ``non_burning``
    - The star is not burning.
  * - ``Core_H_burning``
    - The star is burning hydrogen in its core.
  * - ``Shell_H_burning``
    - The star is burning hydrogen in its shell.
  * - ``Core_He_burning``
    - The star is burning helium in its core.
  * - ``Central_He_depleted``

>     - The star has depleted helium in its core.

Reviewer 2: As we talk about a current state, I'd suggest to not use past tense in this table. Here I'd more call it e.g.
"The star has a helium depleted core".

  * - ``Shell_He_burning``
    - The star is burning helium in its shell.
  * - ``Core_C_burning``
    - The star is burning carbon in its core.
  * - ``Central_C_depletion``
    - The star has depleted carbon in its core.

.. list-table:: Additional States
  :header-rows: 1
  :widths: 10 30

  * - State
    - Description
  * - ``WD``
    - The star is a White Dwarf.
  * - ``NS``
    - The star is a Neutron Star.
  * - ``BH``
    - The star is a Black Hole.
  * - ``massless_remnant``

>     - The star exploded or merged and only a single star is left. 

Reviewer 2: Here you used the word star twice but referred to different objects. Hence, I'd suggest to use star and companion, e.g.
"The star exploded or merged and only its companion is left as a single star."
